Status: In progress. Currently covers all messages through 2020-06-19 at
14:45 UTC.


# Voting, and adoption of proposals

* The decisions on whether to adopt Proposals 8431-8441 are resolved.
  Adopted:

  * Reduce rewards for high-AI proposals (8431)

  * Lower the bar for motions of no confidence, and stress they're not
    personal (8434, 8435)

  * Remove much of the Defense Against the Dark Arts rule (8437)

  * Give the Tailor an official weekly reporting duty (8438)

  * Allow election candidates to withdraw (8439)

* The Rulekeepor identifies bugs in Proposals 8412, 8426 and 8429 that
  prevent them from being applied. Thread: "Notes on Application of
  Proposals 8409-8430"

  * R. Lee proposes fixes. Thread: "Rulekeeping Bug Fixes"


# Offices, reports, website

* nch is installed as our new Prime Minister.

* ATMunn is elected Notary unanimously and gives the report a new look.

* R. Lee initiates an election for ADoP because the previous ADoP,
  Murphy, wants the office back from em. They publish their campaign
  pitches and voting begins. Threads: "ADoP Initiating Election", "ADoP
  election enters next phase

  * Aris writes a satirically bad campaign pitch.

* The Treasuror redoes eir report format to accommodate Cards and
  Products, and includes a web version. Threads: "[Treasuror] New Report
  Format", "Draft report feedback", "Final unofficial draft",
  "[Treasuror] [Weekly Report] The long anticipated Forbes 493"

* The ADoP flips the interest of the new office Webmastor to
  Participation.

* nch circulates some draft regulations for Agora's Github org.

* The Assessor announces historical archives are on the web. Url:
  https://agoranomic.org/assessor/ Thread: "Historical links now on web
  archive"

* The Webmastor announces reports are now online at
  https://agoranomic.org/Webmastor/ . Thread: "AgoraOnline is now
  Online"


# Victory and Culture

* The Prime Minister appoints G. to the office of Speaker.


# Proposals to fix, simplify, etc

* Murphy proposes to simplify ribbon ownership switches. Thread: "Proto:
  Simpler ribbon switches"

* After G. gets an Ultraviolet Ribbon for Raising a Banner, there's
  discussion of ruling out that way of getting Ultraviolet (since it
  means almost every ribbon can immediately be followed by re-earning
  Ultraviolet). Thread: "re-tailor"

* Jason proposes to change the definition of "fee-based actions" to
  "fee-based mechanisms" to avoid a possible bug where an actiong being
  fee-based means the fee is associated with all methods for the action.
  Thread: "Non-fee based mechanisms for fee-based actions"

* Jason proposes to future-proof the Black ribbon rule against the possibility
  of contracts and regulations becoming Instruments. Thread: "Black
  ribbon patch"


# Other Proposals

* Jason pends a proposal, drafted earlier, to track zombies with assets
  instead of switches. Thread: "Talismans"

* ATMunn drafts a proposal for a Deck with a fee for drawing cards.
  Thread: "What's a card game without a deck?"

  * Lessons from a past card game with a deck are relayed.


# Contracts and Trading

* R. Lee and nch amend their "Co Dependants" contract to use the Agoran
  Arbitration Association, leading to a bit of discussion on what the
  AAA can be used for. Thread: "Attempt To Amend Codependancy Contract"

* R. Lee buys five Tarot cards from Cuddlebeam, who reveals their texts.
  Thread: "Tarot"

* The Plunder Partnership:

  * Cuddlebeam finds a possible bug which may have prevented everyone
    else from joining. Thread: "Honor among Pirates"

    * E attempts to amend the contract so others can join.

    * R. Lee calls CFJs. Thread: "Plunder Partnership"

  * There's some discussion in the thread 'Fine, I destroy "Combinotron"'.

* P.S.S. takes up Jason on eir Legislative for Justice promise-based
  trade. It takes some tries to get the mechanics right. Thread:
  "[Promise] Legislative for Justice"

* The DracoLotto pools close after more players pay in Cards. Thread:
  "DracoLotto"

* Jason makes what may be the first card to product conversion,
  converting three Legislative Cards into six Pendants. Thread:
  "Legislative Card cashing"

* Murphy creates the "Card Collective Contract, Agoran" or "CCCA", which
  is another way to pool Cards to be converted into Products.


# Rules questions

* R. Lee and Murphy talk about rules for awarding officer rewards in the
  thread "[ADoP ] Salaries".

* G. opines that Cuddlebeam's announced intent to transfer all of the
  Lost and Found Department's Coins to the Plundership was too ambiguous
  to work, since it's not clear whether R. Lee's coins are included. So,
  Cuddlebeam announces a new intent. Thread: 'Fine, I destroy
  "Combinotron"'

* What wordings work for "acting as emself" type conditions? Thread:
  "humble agoran farmerâ€™s locker"

* What happens if you create a new contract saying you can't be a member
  of it? Thread: "sanity clause"

* Should a revision published in response to a CoE be back-dated to the
  same date as the original report, or should it include new events?
  (Maybe a practical question as well as a rules question.) Thread: "CoE
  question"

* Judge Aris is considering overturning a recent judicial decision
  related to use of language and trying to develop unifying logic for
  past standards. Thread: "CFJs 3831 and 3838 judged TRUE"

* Does being Rulekeepor satisfy the "relates to a) an office e holds"
  condition for certifying patches for every rule, just because the
  Rulekeepor is responsible for rules? Thread: "Black ribbon patch"


# Miscellaneous

* Murphy objects to all intents to transfer assets from the Lost and
  Found Department, and new intents are announced, in the thread 'Fine,
  I destroy "Combinotron"'

* G. starts a discussion on whether methods for winning in the Rules
  should say the player directly wins (as an action) or performs some
  other action that causes em to win. Thread: "winning - more direct or
  less direct?"

* Does announcing intent to completely mess up the rules count as an
  "attempt" under the Defense Against the Dark Arts rule? Thread: "Minor
  cleaning"

* Can one bar a player from a CFJ in a message separate from the one
  calling the CFJ? Thread: "Black ribbon patch"

* Would Jason's Talismans proposal make every Talisman a separate class
  of asset? Thread: "classy assets". (This is relevant because the
  Treasuror needs to list the classes of assets in eir report, as
  discussed in a thread this week on Treasuror reports.)
